Grand Theft Auto 2 for Playstation
Industrial Sector Secrets List, v1.0 (03/07/2005)
by Dammit9x
dammit9x at hotmail dot com

Copyright 2005

    This document may be not be reproduced under any circumstances except for 
personal, private use. It may not be placed on any web site or otherwise 
distributed publicly without advance written permission. Use of this guide on 
any unauthorized web site or as a part of any public display is strictly 
prohibited and a violation of copyright.


---Contents---
1. Foreword
2. Non-secret information
3. Kill Frenzies
4. GTA2 Tokens
5. Closing and Contact Info
--------------


1. Foreword
  This guide is meant as a supplement to GRipley's GTA2 guide. That guide is 
also available at Gamefaqs and includes the secrets for the other city 
sectors, along with a mission walkthrough for all the sectors.

  As far as I know there are no significant differences between the versions, 
so this guide should apply equally well to the Dreamcast version.

  This guide is currently incomplete. I am missing 1 Kill Frenzy and 1 GTA2 
token. And if there is a third Truck Cab lying around, I don't know where it 
is. I would also like to have more information/confirmation about unlocking 
the Secret Missions.


2. Non-secret information

Coordinates: To see the coordinates, enter WUGGLES as your name. You can 
change your name or enter other codes afterwards, if you want.


Weapon pickups: The following are the locations of the free weapons you get 
at each of the gang phones. The coordinates given are for the weapon; health 
and armor are a short walk away. Keep in mind that the gang members will 
attack you if their respect meter is in the negative. All pickups respawn 
after a short time. Some special pickups are available for certain missions; 
these will not be listed.

  Russian Green phone:   Dual Pistols, Health, Armor    (188,77)
  Russian Yellow phone:  Shotgun, Health, Armor         (203,9)
  Russian Red phone:     Uzi, Health, Armor             (146,33)
  Krishna Green phone:   Dual Pistols, Health, Armor    (251,200)
  Krishna Yellow phone:  Molotovs, Health, Armor        (234,134)
  Krishna Red phone:     Flamethrower, Health, Armor    (210,214)
  Zaibatsu Green phone:  Dual Pistols, Health, Armor    (43,161)
  Zaibatsu Yellow phone: Silenced Uzi, Health, Armor    (8,183)
  Zaibatsu Red phone:    Rocket Launcher, Health, Armor (26,247)


Angry weapons: Gangs will attack you and your car if their respect meter is 
negative. At first they will use ordinary weapons like pistols and uzis. As 
their meter gets lower they use more dangerous weapons. At the minimum level 
(flashing minus sign) they get really mad and use their worst stuff. It's a 
good idea to get on good terms with a gang if a mission will require you to 
spend lots of time in their territory.

  Russians: Shotguns
  Krishna: Flamethrowers
  Zaibatsu: Rocket Launchers


Unlocking secret missions: Each sector of the city has three associated 
secret missions. To unlock the first, just meet the requirement for points 
and go to the exit of the sector. Finishing a sector also unlocks all the 
secret missions for all the previous sectors. To unlock the second, finish 
all the missions in the sector, then exit the sector. To unlock the third, 
get all the GTA2 tokens, then exit the sector.


Saved data: When you save at the church, it records your health, weapons, 
ammo, currently selected weapon, police wanted level, completed missions, and 
completed Kill Frenzies. It does not save your armor, Get Out of Jail Free 
card, car, or any upgrades you had on your car. It also does not save any 
GTA2 tokens you found.


3. Kill Frenzies (19 of 20 Frenzies found)

Neutral Territory (4 Kill Frenzies)

(31,107) Electrogun. Kill 10 people in 120 seconds.

(1,81) Flamethrower. Kill 10 people in 90 seconds.
  To reach it, go west into the warehouse area from (19, 82).

(156,162) Flamethrower. Kill 20 people in 60 seconds.
  To reach it, take the ramp at (154, 167) going east. Hold the reverse 
button to stop before jumping the second ramp. Drop down and get the frenzy.

(154,147) Jefferson. Run over 30 people in 90 seconds.
  To reach it, use the ramp at (147,148). Bring a truck cab and tow the 
trailer to the crane at (13, 211). You must use this crane. Truck cabs can be 
found at (11, 129) and (11,213). You may also reuse your truck cabs. Press 
the fire button to unhitch the trailer.


Russian Territory (7 Kill Frenzies)

(141,9) Tank. Kill 20 people with the cannon in 120 seconds.
  To reach it, go to the pier at (189,15). Drive over the ramp at (176,5) 
going west and another at (157,9).

(98,32) Shotgun. Kill 20 people in 60 seconds.
  To reach it, go north from (95,39) and you'll see it.

(54,72) Rocket Launcher. Kill 20 people in 60 seconds.
  To reach it, go north into the building from (54,80) and up the ramps.

(49,43) Uzi. Kill 20 people in 60 seconds.
  To reach it, go to (22,28) and go east across the river to (44,29).

(175,56) Electrogun. Kill 20 people in 60 seconds.
  To reach it, go north from (124,80) and up the walkway at (174,65).

(215,79) Molotovs. Kill 10 people in 60 seconds.
  To reach it, go north to the walkway from (201,88). Go up the ramp and walk 
east.

(244,26) Jagular. Destroy 15 cars with mines in 120 seconds.
  To reach it, go east at (244,77), then north. Bring a truck cab and tow the 
trailer to the crane at (13, 211). You must use this crane. Truck cabs can be 
found at (11, 129) and (11,213). You may also reuse your truck cabs. Press 
the fire button to unhitch the trailer.


Krishna Territory (3 Kill Frenzies)

(170,219) Uzi. Kill 10 people in 90 seconds.
  To reach it, jump the ramp going north at (171,231) to land on the hospital 
roof. You should land right next to the frenzy.

(234,180) Electrogun. Kill 20 people in 60 seconds.

(232,124) Rocket Launcher. Destroy 20 cars in 60 seconds.
  To reach it, go east from (224,120). Go east through the building at 
(228,123).


Zaibatsu Territory (5 Kill Frenzies)

(71,220) Tank. Shoot 20 cars in 120 seconds.
  To reach it, drive real fast off the ramp going south at (69,199). You 
should land on a giant cage. Go down the ramps to the tank.

(12,164) Electrogun. Destroy 5 cars in 90 seconds.
  To reach it, go west into the alley from (18,163).

(64,191) Shotgun. Kill 10 people in 90 seconds.
  To reach it, go east from (57,198), up the slopes to the top of the 
building, and jump to (63, 195). Drop down to reach the frenzy.

(100,126) Molotovs. Destroy 15 cars in 90 seconds.
  To reach it, go south from (106,112) to get into the Cop Station HQ. Go up 
the ramp at (105,139) and walk along the walls to reach the frenzy.

(71, 241) Land Roamer. Kill 30 people in 120 seconds with the mounted gun.
  To reach it, go east from (66,233) then south from (72,233). Bring a truck 
cab and tow the trailer to the crane at (13, 211). You must use this crane. 
Truck cabs can be found at (11, 129) and (11,213). You may also reuse your 
truck cabs. Press the fire button to unhitch the trailer.


4. GTA2 Tokens (24 of 25 Tokens Found)

Neutral Territory (9 tokens)

(140, 249)
  To reach it, enter the military base at (117,238). The token is under a 
mesh tent.

(16, 99)
  To reach it, go south from (17,96).

(13,88)
  To reach it, enter the warehouse area by going west from (19,52). Drive up 
the ramp at (12,80) but go south off it, onto the wall. Go south along the 
wall and glide over to the token.

(30,33)
  To reach it, go east into the alley at (25,56). Jump the ramp at (35,48). 
Drop down and follow the path south to the walkway at (40,48). Go to (31,54) 
and go west and north to (27,47), then to (27,40). Jump across boxes to reach 
the token.

(62,66)
  To reach it, go north into the building at (54,80) and follow the path to 
(60,72). Jump east onto the wall and walk over to the token.

(166,201)
  To reach it, take a fast car to (206,201) and go hard west to the ramp at 
(184,201). You should jump over the 6-lane highway and right onto the token.

(148,197)
  To reach it, go south over the ramp at (149,185). You should land next to 
the token.

(166,167)
  To reach it, jump the ramp at (144,167) going east. Keep going without 
stopping and jump another ramp to land near the token.

(65,113)
  To reach it, take the ramp going west at (87,112) and land on the roof.


Russian Territory (6 tokens)

(48,35)
  To reach it, go to (22,28) and go east across the river to (44,29). Jump 
across the boxes and go over the small building to reach the token.

(181,41)
  To reach it, go north over the ramp at (176,69) with a very fast car. You 
should sail over the 6-lane highway and land on the roof of the 2 story 
building on the other side. Get out of the car and jump over to the token.

(234,9)
  To reach it, go north from (232,24). Go up the walkway at (229,12) and go 
east along the roof to the token.

(247,5)
  To reach it, go north from (232,24). Go east at (232,20) and up the walkway 
at (242,18). Jump onto the roof from (245,10).

(210,103)
  To reach it, go south from (213,89) and up the walkway at (211,97). Jump 
east at (212,94) and west at (214,103).

(236,85)
  To reach it, go east from (224,85) into the factory area. Find the slope at 
(232,83). Jump across boxes till you reach the roof at (234,89). Jump down to 
the token.


Krishna Territory (3 tokens)

(37,127)
  To reach it, go east from (224,120), then south to enter the warehouse.

(236,201)
  To reach it, go southeast from (222,189). Go west from (235,220) then 
northwest to (220,203). Go north under the arch then east. The token is under 
a tree.

(180,247)
  To reach it, go south at (173,237) then east at (173,246) to enter Krishna 
Kranes.


Zaibatsu Territory (6 tokens)

(44,127)
  It's under a chain-link screen.

(61,229)
  To reach it, take a real fast car up the ramp going south at (70,194). You 
should land on the giant tank cage. Get out of the car and fall onto the wall 
to the south. Walk along the wall and jump to reach the token.

(12,184)
  To reach it, enter the House of Guns Zaibatsu area at (6,192) and go under 
the walkway at (16,182).

(53,201)
  To reach it, Go to the top of the ramp at (70,199) but drive west off it, 
onto the wall at (68,204). Drive northwest from (55,204) onto the roof.

(77,184)
  To reach it, take a car, preferably a Jefferson, to the ramp at (83,178) or 
(89,193) and work it up to (83,182). Drive west hard and jump the gap. Drop 
down to the token.

(98,144)
  To reach it, go south from (106,112) to get into the Cop Station HQ. Go up 
the ramp at (105,139) and walk to (99,147). Jump north.


5. Closing and Contact Info

    If you have missing info (the last Kill Frenzy, GTA2 token, and Track 
Cab, if there is one), please send it in.

    Big credit to GRipley for authoring the walkthrough/secret list for the 
rest of the game.

    And that's it. This document is entirely my own work. Any questions, 
comments, corrections or complaints should be sent to the address below, with 
clear indication in the subject line that the email is concerning this FAQ. 

dammit9x at hotmail dot com
